Happy New Year and Merry Christmas To You!
Happy 2017 To You!
With Christmas Greetings and all Good Wishes for the New Year!
Best wishes for a pleasant and successful New Year!
Wish you a Merry Christmas and may this new year bring abundant joy and happiness in your life!
May this Christmas be bright and cheerful and may the New Year begin on a prosperous note!
Happy New Year to You! Happiness, Prosperity && Success!
Happy New Year to You! May All your Dreams Come True! 
Happy New Year to You! From My Home To Yours.
Happy New Year! Warmest Wishes For You!
Happy New Year to You! Bright 'N Joyful Christmas!
Happy New Year to You! May you have an ocean of happiness!
Happy New Year to You! Here's wishing you all the joys of the season. Wish you and your family a Merry Christmas!
May this holiday season brighten you up with peace, joy and good cheer! Happy New Year and Merry Christmas!
Better than any New Year has been and will be, Better than any joy known or to be known, Better than any wish realised or to be realised-that's how, this New Year should be for you. Have a great new year.
May the New Year brings new hopes, new promises and new reasons to celebrate your presence in your lives. Have a Joyous New Year! 
Happy New Year to You! Here is a wishing that the coming year is a glorious one that rewards all your future endeavors with success.
New Year is a time for celebration of love, of life, of Friendship. It's the time to thank God for wonderful friends, and to bring to their lives as much magic as they bring to ours... So here's celebrating our Friendship and praying that its magic continues forever. Happy New Year!
May this New Year adorn your life with many beautiful things and sweet memories to cherish forever. And care of those whom the heart holds close, along with abundant joys and happiness, for you and your family. Wishing you life's best this New Year. 
Happy New Year to You! May all your days be merry and bright
May your world be filled with warmth and good cheer this Holy season, and throughout the year! Wish your this year be filled with peace and love. Merry Xmas and Happy New Year!
Happy New Year to You! May the telemarketers wait to make their sales calls until you finish dinner, may the commercials on TV not be louder than the program you have been watching, and may your check book and your budget balance - and include generous amounts for charity. 
Happy New Year to You! May you get a clean bill of health from your dentist, your cardiologist, your gastro-enterologist, your urologist, your proctologist, your podiatrist, your psychiatrist and your plumber.
Happy New Year to You! 